So we created our form,
let's now synchronize it to the HTML code. For this,
first of all and that's very important,
we need to add something to the app module. In the imports array,
we now not only need the forms module, we'll also need the reactive forms module which needs to be imported
from @angular/forms, otherwise synchronizing with our
HTML code will fail because we don't have access to the directives we need for that.
So therefore, what I'll do is go to my recipe-edit.component.html file and now I want to connect my form.
Let's start on the overall form element, here
we have the FormGroup directive which we should use with square brackets because we need to pass some
data to that directive
via property binding and that data is our recipe form,
so let's quickly assign this. Now we're telling Angular that our overall form is managed by us
and that Angular itself should not manage it,
instead it should take our form.
With this, we can now assign our own controls.
So let's simply go to a first input, the name here and there we have the formControlName directive.
Now we could enclose it in square brackets and then use single quotation marks but we need double quotation
marks or we omit both and simply use this syntax and now the name here of course has to match the name
we set up here.
So here we chose a name
we should choose the same in the HTML code. Now I'll copy this,
also for the imageUrl, here I chose imagePath as a name,
so let's make sure to use this
and of course description for our text area here, here
I also will add the formGroupName directive and assign description. Now to be able to see something,
I'll also set up the ngSubmit listener and listen to onSubmit,
now here of course I don't need to pass the form as an argument,
instead I can simply add the onSubmit method here
and for now simply log my recipe form to the console.
Let's see if everything works as it should.
So once this has recompiled, I'll head over to the form and this looks OK,
it almost works as expected.
The name was pre-populated for the selected recipe and it does update
if we change this to big fat burger, the description is not displayed though.
So that is not how I want this to behave.
As a side note, on new recipe, it correctly sets this to an empty form, so that is OK but would be nice
if the description is displayed too.
If I submit the form, let's have a look at the value, description,
actually it says what else you need to say,
so what could be wrong about the description then.
Well if we have a look at the text area, I simply assign the wrong directive,
it should be formControlName. With this in place if it reloads,
this looks much better.
So with that, the synchronisation is working,
the next step is to get our ingredients to work correctly and that actually will involve a couple of
steps because we need to manage this array of ingredients for that.